[docs] add database discovery overview (#43149)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/auto-discovery/databases.mdx

---
title: Database Discovery
description: Detailed guides for configuring database discovery.
---

Teleport can be configured to discover databases automatically and register
them with your Teleport cluster.

## Supported clouds

- [AWS](./databases/aws.mdx): Discovery for AWS databases.
{/* TODO(gavin): Add an Azure discovery guide and permission reference */}

## How database discovery works

Database auto-discovery consists of the following components:

> 1. One or more Teleport Discovery Services polling APIs to discover and register

Reviewer: I've been working on standardizing the docs around "[Name] Service instance" instead of "[Name] Services", as each process runs a single service that can be configured in different ways.

  databases with your Teleport cluster.

> 1. One or more Teleport Database Services forwarding database connections to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. One or more Teleport Database Service instances forwarding database connections to
```
```suggestion
1. One or more Teleport Database Services forwarding database connections to
```

  the discovered databases.

> Both Discovery and Database service can be configured in the same Teleport

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both the Discovery Service and Database Service can be configured in the same Teleport
```
To use the full name of the services

process or separate processes.
We recommend running them as separate processes to decouple database discovery
from database access.

> ### Discovery Service

Reviewer: I would use a more explicit organization for this section onward, adding more descriptive headings.

It wasn't clear to me, for example, that this section is about configuration as well as architecture.

I would add a new heading every 200 words or so.

Author: update: https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/compare/9d2ef33f87d5bf180c306df2fa79107388dca996..c015df7542ccb87079e985afb65f4fe6bb2f825c

What do you think?

    # sets. This is required when you have multiple Teleport Discovery services
    # running. It prevents discovered services from colliding in Teleport when
    # managing discovered resources.
    # If two Discovery Services match the same resources, they must be in the
    # same discovery group.
    # If two Discovery Services match different resources, they must be in
    # different discovery groups.
    discovery_group: "disc-group"
    # poll_interval is the cadence at which the discovery server will run each of its
    # discovery cycles. The default is 5m.
    poll_interval: 5m
    # Matchers for discovering AWS-hosted resources.
    aws:
      # AWS resource types. Valid database discovery types are:
      # 'rds' - discovers and registers Amazon RDS and Aurora databases.
      # 'rdsproxy' - discovers and registers Amazon RDS Proxy databases.
      # 'redshift' - discovers and registers Amazon Redshift databases.
      # 'redshift-serverless' - discovers and registers Amazon Redshift Serverless databases.
      # 'elasticache' - discovers and registers Amazon ElastiCache Redis databases.
      # 'memorydb' - discovers and registers Amazon MemoryDB Redis databases.

>       # 'opensearch' - discovers and registers Amazon OpenSearch Redis databases.

Reviewer: I think it would make sense to move "discovers and registers" to the comment above the list of discovery types to avoid repetition

Author: done
